If you deactivate, are you/can you keep your singingg... — I'll keep my email, my ask. I don't know if I'm delet... http://t.co/borpu9pm1W
So it was inspired by true events? Though the theme it's centered on may be "gross" your writing is ... — Thank you http://t.co/YC59rWuRq8
Are you a clean person hygiene wise? — Yes. http://t.co/IGbGkwXosp
You are laying between the cracks of the floor and the cracks of my knuckles.
I'm tired of being viewed.
Sigh. I'm either gonna deactivate or make a new account.
Heck isn't a word. It's a lifestyle.
911 what's your emergency
I still hear her voice. She's smiling. She laughs soft as a warm breeze. Her hands...
I'll send someone right away
I need to learn to love the things you hate about yourself but I thought I couldn't love you any more.
Have you ever met a girl as sweet and slow, her hair golden, her body stretching and straining, as honey?
How To Fall In Love In 140 Characters Or Less: an autobiography
100 favs and I'll post all of Audrey's secrets
I'm horny :/

#TweetLikeAWhiteBoySexting
I love listening to you tune your guitar.
In the wake of death we are faced with mortality.
Sometimes you just have to goto the grocery store hungry so your body can tell you what it really wants
Things like rooftops and fire escapes. Those are the things we never kissed on.
Things like rooftops and fire escapes. Those are the things we never kissed on.
I wanna be excited about things with you.
You know when you see something familiar and you can't process what you're seeing? That, but you every time.
I like my men the way I like my drinks. Stiff and on ice.
I like my men the way I like my fridge. Empty.
I like my men the way I like my steaks. Bloody.
I like my men the way I like my ambition. Dead.
I want an internet girlfriend that never asks how I am feeling and always sends me photos when she feels good about herself.
Better safe than in love.
I am a collapsing universe.
my personal ad: enjoys long walks back and forth in the living room
The only thing worse than disappointment is the truth.
You were always delirious and ready for a nap.
Thank you even though you blocked my number steph I know you lurk my twitter
My ex may have cheated on me, broke my heart, and dismantled all hope of trusting anyone ever again but she sent this http://t.co/EwGSJ3aVTw
sext: cannot form sentences
sext: can adore for a lifetime
sext: would watch you forever
It's hot outside but really cold inside and I didn't want the kitty to get sick. He's dancing with joy. http://t.co/DJf2z4MwiF
Welcome to California http://t.co/fMly6lVtVc
Welcome to California http://t.co/fMly6lVtVc
Classic misdirection http://t.co/7siJZ3CEPM
mysterious selfy of a ghost, who is mysterious http://t.co/7vSNP37nQ8
twit take'n over http://t.co/ef2uHrT9Xo
If the person who sent me the gift card doesn't come forward I'm buying followers random stuff with the money like bird cages and lipstick
WHERE IS THE AMAZON GIFT CARD SENDER http://t.co/dEwNWCA2QD
Anyway, I need a gorgeous and mildly educated female to pine over.
If every girl talked to me like customer service.
Often feel like Lana Del Rey because I'm always getting in the pool sober and coming out drunk.
Wershing machine for the anon (he changed it to waesh the second time) https://t.co/Yc31fz0bpS
"You are definitely mentally unstable." https://t.co/dOxVdIj60x
Pho and avocado smoothie http://t.co/Rgn2IkJq0H
I've gone my whole life thinking as long as I can smile when a kid smiles I can make it through this alive.
I would love living in a world where men are afraid to look up, tbh.
We accept the girls that we think we can afford.
Are you holding my hair back or are you holding me back?
It's weird how instead of holding your hand I was always holding doors.
If a tree falls in the forest and you were texting someone, did you hear the question?
Hey girl, are you the sun? Because when you're up I don't wanna get out of bed.
Isn't it the worst when you're out and some girl says "daddy" so you turn around and she's talking to her father?
Isn't it the worst when you're out and some girl says "daddy" so you turn around and she's talking to her father?
You get a coke bottle with your dad's name and never drink soda again.
Sometimes feel like Fiona in Shrek because I turn into a disgusting monster when the sun goes down.
The most addictive thing in this world is unfamiliarity.
There is a pleasure only fear can instill.
If the world gets swallowed by the things inside us are your fingertips going to glow all summer
I have to go to the hospital or I'm going to die.
Our anger stems from a loss of possession.
A cool date would be http://t.co/Zjxy7eh7KS
I swear to god I'm gonna get better.
Quote tweet this with your favorite movie(s)
This entire account is one big Please Call My Mom And Tell Her I'm Sorry
When you die, the birds forgive you.
Wanna kiss you in a movie theater even if I never get to see this film again.
#WomenAgainstFeminism sounds like Lazy And Privileged if you say it five times fast
horoscope: today doesn't have to be like yesterday but will you remember that tomorrow?
Fall in love with the kind of girl who has forests lost inside her.
Think about all the people who wake up at 4pm. They're in love with someone.
But First, We Fall In Love: A Documentary
First we fall in love. Then we fall asleep.
First we fall in love. Then we fall asleep.
I spent a long time staring down a dark hall and all I kept thinking was "please god something touch me"
All I have left is love for everything and time for no one.
#mcm http://t.co/oeT3VcRytK
"If you can't handle me at my tweets, you don't deserve me at my drafts." - Marilyn Monroe
WAIT WHO IS ONLINE YOU ARE DECIDING IF I GET TO TOUCH HER FEET AND TO WHAT EXTENT
10 FAVS I RUB THEM
20 KISS
30 SUCK/LICK
40 ALL THE ABOVE
BYOB: bring your own broomstick
BYOB: bring your own benzos
BYOB: bring your own boyfriend
Sup? Let's get some juice boxes.
"You break it. You buy it."
She can't afford this kind of love.
I'm quite pleasant, actually. I'm just a pervert and American.
I stare at people staring at women who are bent over.
I know she's beautiful. I've seen her unravel.
Passenger of murderous passing and premeditated hunger.
All my favorite songs are about leaving.
I'm sorry I broke your heart but you broke mine first.
Your mom must have sneezed giving birth to you because god are you blessed.
A passenger is someone who is always unhappy.
Every time I count how many firearms are in the house, I drink that many beers in celebration of not using any of them on myself.
Every time I count how many firearms are in the house, I drink that many beers in celebration of not using any of them on myself.
You look out over the road and it's overlooking a tiny town full of houses with trees growing from the chimneys.
My heart under a microscope: you are asleep with both pillows.
I have a bunch of accidental drafts just from tweets not sending on planes and trains so here goes
Train up north
Just confused my roommates so hard. All I listen to is folk and old western. They just came in my room and I'm blasting Kanye West hehehe
Verve pipe//freshmen It really is the best 90s song like fuckkkk I haven't thought about this song since the 90s

http://t.co/zpQb1mVi7A
I forgot to post this earlier. https://t.co/cD6NT67Mvt
I can figure out how much you love me just by what time you get out of bed.
All I want is someone to love and not that like dumb "I wanna kiss and hold hands" no I want someone to love that just wants to sleep
You guys want a fucking story? I'm getting on a train tomorrow and I'm gonna go visit the first girl I ever kissed.
Still looking for someone who doesn't make me feel like my mother.
"I'm all the fishes in the sea"
Have you ever tried so hard for something because you knew if you didn't have it you didn't have anything else worth waking up for
You're not strong enough for this heavy heart, it doesn't matter how much you drink.
Do you wanna argue or do you wanna shut up and kiss?
I'm sorry I'm like this.
You fall asleep in the car. You wake up and don't know how long everyone's been dead for. You remove your seatbelt and get out to smoke.
You fall asleep in the car. You wake up and don't know how long everyone's been dead for. You remove your seatbelt and get out to smoke.
Why do people enjoy laying in the sun? Just lay next to her.
caving_ghosts http://t.co/GCW7TiF1T1
Read her story. Donate if you can.

http://t.co/ED51bExZJT
Is it okay if I fall in love with you or should I just take the stairs?
I want my cake and I want to eat it off of you.
If I say I wanna fuck you, what I mean is I want to watch you bend over a lot and make me wish I never met you.
Hey girl are you in a relationship bc if you say yes I'll try twice as hard
The sky looks like God just waved goodbye.
singing_ghosts walks the desert to make apple fish tacos: http://t.co/yVB79jt7hL
Still being attacked. https://t.co/ytUC0WwFhN
If you're happy and you know it, don't fall in love.
If you're happy and you know it and you really wanna show it, if you're happy & you know it, try staying sober.
Girls girls girls
homosexual propaganda twitter
I didn't choose the homosexuality. The homosexuality chose me.
all straight girls are looking for something they can only find in women
So in love w you http://t.co/A0qfUWQuGw
someone has a photo I took saved on their twitter. Love this photo. I loved this day. Day after fiona Apple in Philly http://t.co/t32NUvOALE
A girl a day keeps the doctor away.
A girl a day keeps the doctor away.
If you weren't so attractive this would be so much easier.
Show me your teeth. Or arms. Show me whatever part of your body you like best.
Feel bad for everyone who isn't in love with you and the sounds you make on the phone.
Wanna blow you kisses from a police car.
When I look at you, I see the long way home.
When I look at you, I can't understand why people would pray to anything else.
When I look at you, all those stupid books I make fun of make sense.
I have a lot to hide and I hide it in other people.
A cool date would be watching you and your friend kiss forever: http://t.co/c1hfvbAMGZ
DANG 10/10 WOULD SMOOCH MYSELF
(you're my fav followers shhhh)
I have the biggest tongue in the world. http://t.co/t1ENluaApl
You cannot mistake bravery for drunk.
Are you awake? Are you a creepy girl?
Listened to 10 seconds of the weeknd just bc it's not fair to judge without listening. 

10 seconds.
Twitter meet up http://t.co/35V4E2XB2W
Holy crap. Weird al is relevant again
I'm not a FUCONG poetry account and I'm being attacked by a wasp trying to tweey this@
Please dismantle my ego.
Please dismantle my ego.
I have Tourette's, but of the heart.
And then our bones are made of tile.
Bro do you even bleed just to know you're alive
You look good naked. It's too bad you're a garbage human being.
thank you best follower ever for sending my mom garden vegetables &lt;3 http://t.co/bLa42CvAcA
Knock knock
Who's there
*picture frame falls off wall*
*bedroom door slams*
A cool date would be: http://t.co/fgf2TOBfBs
"Are you pouring gasoline on that?" https://t.co/Ggmy4WCShC
Loving you was easy. Leaving you was easier.
My roommate is telling me that when I was sleeping in his bed he would cuddle me in my sleep and that I enjoyed it.
If you became a body of water you'd be a waterfall hiding some cool cavern behind it and I would risk life and warmth to get in there.
Oh god this person is an idiot loser jerk off and suck a fat ugly cock and like it http://t.co/IiTD16yKv8
Also if I die & you have suicidal thoughts (in general not just bc I died but I expect it to occur for that too) please don't kill yourself
People are always like "it's the internet" but you're all real people with real feelings and i think it's good we all are here
Look guys if I die I want you to know I appreciate you for taking the time to read my tweets&stories&talking to me& sharing yr life w me too
Sometimes when I feel bad I just clean rifles and it takes my mind off things http://t.co/VoUBSh8sy9
I would make a great boyfriend if I weren't a girl.
You're not my rebound, you're my savior.
All I want is a girl to let me tell her what lingerie I like better on her.
All I want is a girl to let me tell her what lingerie I like better on her.
She's got eyes like a state of emergency with my hands that can't evacuate her body.
You're wondering what the car ride would be like if you drove all the way home with her.
Intimacy is waking up before her alarm goes off. Getting her stuff ready and kissing her eyelids good morning.
Intimacy is spelling words for her she hasn't handwritten in years. She got so familiar with texting until she finally met you.
true love http://t.co/f4e4X6KCbs
I don't mind that it hurts when I look at you.
Cross your fingers I don't have ovarian cancer or anything not easily fixed by meds.
Look. I'm getting drunk tonight and we are making a lot of tweets about how much it hurts to get turned on thinking about you.
Why the fuck is it so much money to make sure I don't die? I'm not that fucking valuable, America.
If a third of you donate a dollar to my paypal, I can afford to goto the hospital. 

zombaud@yahoo.com
*goes to the doctor*
it feels like there's glass inside my body. 
what's your heart made of?
I like to live my life saying "if I ignore it, it's not happening" and this is why I will probably not make it to 28.
People have hung all sorts of things with no reason for years and who even cares about what's on the wall if it isn't her?
I might actually post this 10,000 word thing one day http://t.co/MvqE9jN9aA
You're so far away but I keep waking up with you.
Don't turn me on. It's not even 7am yet. http://t.co/oxwxUnbgWk
Lust is predetermined chaos.
Earlier today from the yard http://t.co/Yi9LCagzEy
Earlier today from the yard http://t.co/Yi9LCagzEy
WHO THE HECK GAVE BIRTH TO YOU? HOW ARE YOU ALL THIS PERFECT????
Hi, everyone. I think I went into shock today from severe pain. Please send me cute photos of you in case it happens in my sleep and I die.
I am uncertain if I want to live or die until I think I'm dying in a bed that isn't mine.
The safe word is her dead father's name.
Look guys, @pizzaequalslife is a bad bitch ok and I won't rest until she's fucking famous 

https://t.co/gttXbijx8r
I'm not friend material.
10/10 http://t.co/PMCGY5UiPq
She's walking her pet http://t.co/37AmegzUXl
"Hey, Adam. Go down on Eve so she doesn't ruin everything."
"Alright! Thanks, Snake."
"Eve, I got Adam to agree to oral. Grab that apple."
Like what do you think the snake was doing in the story of Adam and Eve? Giving relationship advice?
I'm sorry the world is cruel but she used to be good to me.
Thank yourself for all the times you kept yourself from saying 'I love you'
You think you're fighting because she's mad. You're fighting because she's found someone else.
I wonder what it's like to be friends with someone who only listens to singles.
The first time I had sex, I fell asleep. What was your first time like?
One man's trash is another man's daughter.
One man's trash is another man's ocean.
I call you my junk drawer because I'm always putting everything I love inside you and won't let anyone else see it.
Your lips look like something God would be afraid to kiss.
Your lips look like something God would be afraid to kiss.
I miss your hands speaking drunkly with no regard for my skin.
Why are you afraid of loving someone who loved you first?
http://t.co/rXR2zIGnxf
Moon's up. What about you? http://t.co/FDlC3MHTWq
I'm jarring tomatoes and wine and I'm boiling over and bottled up and the kitchen is on fire. You started the fire, calmly washing a plate.
Wanna kiss you in a cave so it lasts longer. Want whatever I can't hear you say to echo back to me later.
You can tell me you love me now.
There are other hours aside from 3am and I feel strongly about the ones that you are dressed for.
Sometimes I wonder what Atlantis must have been like, and then I look at you.
Let's play real life Clue. I kill you in the bedroom with rope.
Love someone as much as you love sleeping.
Kiss me like you wanna raise the dead.
If you wanna be my lover, you gotta get in my head. Making love forever, visualize you dead.
I met God and she closed the door behind us.
Hallelujah only came from his lips because she put her fingers in his mouth first.
The highlight of snapchat today was @joanofdarkness chanting NO MAKEUP NO FILTER
Rilo kiley's initial friend is still the best  summer album ever IMO
Good at flirting. Bad at talking.
Fav if you read stories about my life I deleted from this morning
Fav if you read stories about my life I deleted from this morning
Why isn't there one that says Not Interested? http://t.co/xIhbN6LgQo
It's like soccer is the only sport no one judges men for crying.
Friends don't let friends make World Cup nazi jokes.
I met God and she said something in Spanish.
I hope when I start losing my memory the only thing I can remember is your number.
Gonna kiss you until you forget how to get home.
Sighing next to you like disappointment
Sometimes I wish we lived closer so when we fight I would have to grab your fists and try to kiss them instead
The year is 3086. The person you met on the other side of the world can be at your house in 93 seconds.
Just idolize children for how beautiful and interesting everything is to them still
It's really sad watching someone die inside and they do nothing to help themselves but create something new to hide it.
You know when you're a kid & you enjoy blowing up balloons, the lightheadedness, buzzy mouth? Wait until you kiss someone who loves you.
You are in a room. There are windows and you can see and hear everything but you can't get out. The room is your head.
I'm jealous of the house which holds you.
Look, if people find Ed Sheeran attractive, they'll find you attractive.
And remember, only you can prevent forest festivals.
This is my brain
*pulls brain out of skull*
And this is my brain on drugs
*looks for an egg*
This is your brain
*pulls egg out of pocket*
And this is your brain on drugs
*egg hatches into raptor*
Can you hear it? The trees are uprooting themselves, birds are making homes in bodies. We are children, again, hoping the sun will come up.
Can you hear it? The trees are uprooting themselves, birds are making homes in bodies. We are children, again, hoping the sun will come up.
Our first date must include hand kissing and cookies from scratch. Our second date will just be us floating away from separate beds.
I ran out of energy on a date. This is completely unrealistic, Kim.
Good http://t.co/DXSIwGDe4D
Religion is ugly.
Wish your sex drive would die so your heart would work for me again.
Let's detach together.
The next time I see a cute girl with her window open drive by, I'm throwing my phone in and calling her.
Sorry to anyone I offended. I forget sometimes.
Liberal heart. Conservative mind.
Seven different doors and they all lead to her bedroom.
Cross your legs in love with me.
Just wanna suck my beer off your toes.
Cool date ideas:
⚪️eat you in front of your loved ones
🔘block and change all contact numbers
⚪️set myself on fire
⚪️learn karate in bed
Friday night plans:
⚪️text cuties
⚪️get drunk
🔘pass out by 8
⚪️fuck someone
http://t.co/YW6wyP4RUv
You get in your car. You turn it on. Instead of that dinging no seat belt sound, it's her voice saying your name, and laughing softly.
First base is texting. Second base is photos. Third base is phone calls. Home run is flying across the country to meet them.
First base is texting. Second base is photos. Third base is phone calls. Home run is flying across the country to meet them.
I met God and she's in love with another woman.
I am not happy anywhere I go without you.
She uses distance to her advantage. She knows she can't just come here and kiss me anymore.
I wanna be your miniature horse.
Me & my boyfriend @DebasedGod decided we should be in a relationship together bc we agree on irrelevant things that are important to us
13 people unfollowed you because they didn't like your real opinion and humanity
That is not a support group. That is a suicide pact.
You don't want mentally unwell people who are incapable of reason and rationale talking to people who are the same and also want to be dead.
Thinking about you in my shirts and it smells like coffee and toast.
Wrote a long response about my disinterest in nudity: http://t.co/RzmSyVeor5
song I wrote about a girl on twitter after she said she took a lot of pills and wanted to die

http://t.co/gngaaSkZxA
Lust is a silent killer.
Something really nice about swimming underneath palm tree silhouettes against the moonlight.
I miss him :( http://t.co/CEz7Hme6IQ
Miss my dog and radioactive cat :( http://t.co/TBw2QIEKWC
Let's all forget the first person we kissed.
How to have sex with a beard: https://t.co/atYpQ3zhd7
Let them read you my favorite book.
Let them read you my favorite book.
Things you don't know people have hated as a trend, for the last 20 years: Nirvana, Rocky Horror, Pink Floyd, and the Little Mermaid.
Respect thy booty. Worship thy booty.
I am the North Korea of Twitter
I'm gonna quit twitter and start vlogging: audrey walks through the desert, audrey shoots a rattlesnake, audrey cries over killing a snake
I met God and she said Jesus was adopted.
You wake up. You understand every language you hear. The police stop you to throw confetti. Sirens are bells and stop signs are for kissing.
I'm worried if I fall asleep with the TV on I'll turn into my mother.
Can't even look you in the eye without seeing Rome crumble.
oh no, I love you.
Wanna paint so many versions of you that New York names a gallery after your hands.
All your insecurities sound like lullabies to me.
singing_ghost http://t.co/yrTVhNLSV7
#TweetLikeJadenSmith Don't Let The People Who Don't Act Like People Determine What We Need To Live Like People
When girls send me nudes: http://t.co/ju4aOx4N9R
If feminism offends you, good.
Dang feminists! Dang them and their self respect!!! DANG THEM ALL FOR CARING ABOUT SOMETHING. DANG. SO TERRIBLE.
LEO: you're supposed to be strong but you can't lift their sadness. Breathe deep, hold it. You'll never get that back again.
SAGITTARIUS: it's so hard to think when everything about you reminds me of my mother, before she shut down.
LIBRA: there is no sound coming from their chest but you'll keep kissing the air into them.
LIBRA: there is no sound coming from their chest but you'll keep kissing the air into them.
CANCER: I want to worship you between the sheets right before I nail your wrists to the headboard, my savior.
VIRGO: loving you in places I don't even remember but there's empty cigarette packs stamped from every state.
SCORPIO: this garden would work to keep you sane if our hands were touching in the dirt.
GEMINI: how could we not love something that changes so much?
TAURUS: you put everything into them and they will pull it out every single night if you let them get that close again.
AQUARIUS: let them in slowly, their hands will feel like you're being robbed. Let them in slowly, and do not let them amuse you.
PISCES: rest your legs, rest your body. The morning brings warmth, thick as honey.
ARIES: even the devil's lovers know your name.
CAPRICORN: here you are. The world is flat again and your heartbeat is just as dull.
Maybe our goodbyes always end in fights because we are fighting for this not to end.
You can not love a girl who loves strangers.
People I'm done with: liars and those who put creamer in before sugar.
Toast to the faithfully detached.
Girls Gone Neurotic
I love you enough to forget how night and day works.
1 800 PERVERT
Measure distance in how many hours you regret not sleeping.
We are living in an age where age no longer defines us.
If I don't tweet, I'm dead.
If I don't tweet, I'm dead.
Found a dead bird under my window and wish it were you instead
Tomato and jalapeño grilled cheese sandwich http://t.co/zxlxhaoOHF
Anyway, falling in love is much like falling asleep. It's really easy if you're drunk.
Everyone keeps saying "stop romanticizing lolita" and "stop romanticizing drug use" you know what I want not romanticized? Being a redneck.
Wow if only cutting off dead ends was as easy IRL as it is with my hair
My friend is telling me about the first time he saw his dick when he lost weight. Inspirational. Truly.
Y'all gonna make me fall in love up in here up in here
I am looking for a girl that can put cities to sleep, put them to rest right before my eyes.
What if instead of making tweets we make out with strangers
Even your demons are seductive.
Stop drop and bawl
That floor was the backbone of our relationship.
http://t.co/yuWPdzXvN0
I wanna take selfies of you.
Cut my life into pieces this is a poorly constructed puzzle
There's 7.8 billion people in the world and most of them have no idea I exist.
I always win josh http://t.co/z3OCpQNTsh
When I was 16 I thought I would die at 27 because you just have to be mediocre or a drug addict
You took off your shirt and I forgot the words to the song.
You took off your shirt and I forgot the words to the song.
You make me need to lay down.
She was dressed as 1930 and drank like '84
Rather watch documentaries about dolphins than porn
I'm cooking the tomatoes you sent me. I ate some like an apple but I wanted a sauce. http://t.co/LhLT6qolnh
When hate filled people get upset about their garbage opinions being called garbage 💅
I get all my dating tips from praying mantises.
I feel betrayed by the internet.
smh white boys
You can die in more ways than physically and I want to kill all of you.
I am looking everywhere for you. I am looking in gas stations, movie theaters. I am looking at her. I am looking everywhere but home.
Have you ever came so hard you got a headache? Asking for a friend.
Do you wanna explore a house that's been empty for decades or do you wanna just spend the night with me?
You're gonna wake up one day and this entire city will be ruins.
I love the way your sweat smells.
I am not looking for love, I am looking for something indescribable.
One day you'll love a healthy girl.
She's so caught up in bottoms of bottles she's not even drinking and this lie she's created to make her seem more interesting.
You're the smallest place I've ever lived.
You're the smallest place I've ever lived.
Sometimes I think you soak your hands in sugar.
It's so hard being in a place you fell in love without the person who witnessed it.
You're the only good thing here and I can't have you.
I dream about you drowning with no one to save you. This is how I'm able to get out of bed.
Sometimes I just want you to come over and let me sleep.
There are things that sleep and then there are things that are resting.
If you listen really closely you can hear my name in almost every sound you can't make out.
I think @thewordy is the best thing to happen to twitter.
You caught my eye and drift.
A cool way to demonstrate how many books you haven't read is insult someone based on their appearance
I actually have the best followers ever. Vegetables and socks. F yeah. http://t.co/iSveulu9Y3
Why do you follow only a few amount of people? — Whoa whoa. Compared to everyone else keeping their count under ... http://t.co/ij520DWSYM
There's a reason why it's called Mother Nature.
I just wanna thank the dirt for welcoming you.
I'll never understand why people wanna see vaginas and penises. I just wanna look at your feet and kiss the earth off them and say thank you
Drunk & Horny: A Cool Story, Bro
Need you to make me weak and speechless.
What's the difference between a dead baby and an onion? 

I don't cry when I cut a dead baby.
What's the difference between a dead baby and an onion? 

I don't cry when I cut a dead baby.
PTSD is no joke.
I pay close attention to the fireworks to look at the colors I love.
I'm afraid I'll wake up one day and you'll really be gone.
She pulls out a pocket watch. Your heart is where time should be.
Frank: I'll say when it's just us men
All Men: no Audrey is cool
F: this broad called me fucking herself
Me: that happens everyday for me??
This is how I'm spending my freedom. http://t.co/NB0cLVkG79
If someone keeps threatening to kill themselves, call the cops. Don't sit around and wait for it. Just call the cops and help them.
Daily reminder that sometimes the person you love when you're a teen, actually love, not just think is SO CUTE, still matters when yr 25
Different kinds of followers: http://t.co/uHqGu2JxhX
#ff the leader http://t.co/KIwGlVmD3A
Hate when I lose my glasses because I can't see where they are.
Your mom reading our sexts: http://t.co/wRm3GKI8uc
My best party trick is chugging a bottle of jäger and not fighting anyone.
The problem with the privileged is they don't have to care, so they don't.
Did it hurt?
What?
When you fell from heaven?
Idk I was trying to kill myself
I really love vine. https://t.co/FFojOWcltL
I really love vine. https://t.co/FFojOWcltL
Hold on a little longer. Your knuckles are white and we're almost home.
My friend just learned that guys actually expect sex from girls when they're nice to them and he is APPALLED. He thought it was a MYTH.
I can feel Sunday kisses with you on a Thursday.
Jesus didn't even sweat the way you make me.
Your mom reading your tweets: http://t.co/j699KhCrjc
sext: http://t.co/jr13iEv96k
CALIFORNIA. WHY??? http://t.co/9d2W6Td79e
Fall in love with the kind of girl who loves the cold side of war, not the pillow.
Wow this is so cute http://t.co/VFxywptQKU
Don't worry. I found someone to make me stutter like a small boy
Used to sleep with headphones in bc I was afraid bugs would crawl into my ear but I woke up strangling myself so I stopped
Wanna look through you like a kaleidoscope
I can get kicked in the throat and enjoy it but put some kitty paws on me and I know real pain
HOW ARE CATS SO HEAVY? https://t.co/DVolVulHU5
blue hair, don't care
blue hair, don't care
Still mad that dweeb has me blocked bc he didn't get any ointment for my sick burns last time
What are your "extremes" — Like water boarding as foreplay, being poisoned. Stuff like that. http://t.co/x5CSyBt9MS
We are drunk http://t.co/a1DGlk9reC
http://t.co/lp7CB6P33X
Frying Nemo
I LIKE BIG BUTTS AND YOU MAKE ME CRY
Do you guys just follow me bc I have a lot of fetishes
what do you first notice about a woman beside her feet? — What she's saying http://t.co/GxZLRM9wXi
When did a girl who speaks French do anything other than break your heart?
I want @justinbieber to murder my vagina.
Changed my avi back to normal so http://t.co/BiTSCBFRkZ
Selfie game strong, thought process weak.
Do you guys have younger siblings or kids or whatever and do you ever look at them and think "wow they have no idea how unhappy they'll be"
How am I supposed to compete with a kitten?
ＮＩＣＥ ＴＥＥＴＨ
ＢＡＤ ＧＩＲＬ
If these walls could talk they would speak a language your body couldn't hear
It's not what the foot looks like, it's what the woman attached to it does with it.
Why would you want to sleep all afternoon when you can just never wake up again
Why would you want to sleep all afternoon when you can just never wake up again
Stop putting these idiots above you and your own worth. Who cares what they think of you? There's a reason they want you insecure.
male privilege + female rejection = @falsepoetics
Thinking about you sleeping under the floorboards.
new porn concept: a man opens a door for a woman, the door is a portal to the future, women can have babies without sperm, men are obsolete
other porn concepts: two women sit down and watch a documentary
Still don't understand porn that involves sex.
Stop romanticizing Alex Vause.
Goethe excerpt http://t.co/FMXU9Y4EEz
I don't know how to pretend like we've never kissed.
If love is a battlefield then hate must be a war zone.
Only a moonlit pass could bring me to you, across desert and mountains, through snow and highway traffic, slow and loud; your hips, good god
Hairline selfies forever http://t.co/g3ZTOP2GZi
My mom always told me not to talk to strangers on the internet when I was a teen and now I am your stranger
Happy Canada Day. http://t.co/AxKciNlmSJ
Your handwriting says so much about you, so do your shoes.
You are the few of my favorite of things.
http://t.co/SpFOt1sm36
Sink into your room, wherever you call home now.
You're an idiot if having a garden with me doesn't sound like the best thing ever
You're an idiot if having a garden with me doesn't sound like the best thing ever
When you get to the point of drinking where you're upset and just the taste of whiskey calms you down, stop drinking.
A lot of us aren't as well composed as you may think.
You were right. Everything would feel terrible again when it became familiar.
I like leaving. That's my success.
Kind of wonder what it must feel like for a mother to be proud of their kid or a kid to feel like their mom has something to be proud of
INTERNET GAME STRONG http://t.co/AGWVwKfnMi
I like teen girls and breaking the law. I'm a real god damn rebel and I like cute doorbells too
Renaming butterflies to anxiety.
Mmm possessive acceptance of a human being for the sake of love and validating desire
Don't care what you call me as long as it's yours.
All my thoughts are shower thoughts and this is why I can't love you right
Hi kids do you like violets
Hope your boyfriend finds out about me.
I got a pocket got a pocket full of dog treats I've got a dog and I know that it loves meat oh oh oh
My friend choked on a chicken nugget and almost crashed. Idk if I would be able to tell people that's how he died.
Hello 911 this is an emergency 
For the third time, this is dominos
Don't you remember when you loved me
No
That's the problem
Much like superman when I rip my shirt off but like flesh just rots off of me and I hide in a phone booth
Much like superman when I rip my shirt off but like flesh just rots off of me and I hide in a phone booth
Quick let me compare your bones to something fragile and obscure like lightbulbs
Fall in love with the kind of girl who makes you want to kill yourself.
Whoever thought of birthday punches must have been a blast to sleep with.
NEWS FLASH: NOT ALL GIRLS HAVE DADDY ISSUES.

UPDATE: CALLING SOMEONE DADDY HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR FATHER.
I want Drake to murder me.
I want Drake to murder my self esteem.
I want Drake to murder my family.
Tell me what you think about when you're alone.
Intimacy but like you both know where you're going and where you're gonna sleep and you're okay with the routine because everything is home.
Sometimes we invite you over because we actually did want to watch a movie with you.
I wanna kiss you on the side the moss grows.
HOME IS WHERE THE DOPE'S AT
Strawberries ice and tequila. Fuck mixers. http://t.co/4gtPrtxtjK
Bro do you even lift heavy hearts
People who don't listen to full albums confuse me.
http://t.co/4NposSNIES
When I say I'm swimming I'm actually trying to save the bees that fly into the pool and I wait for them to dry and tell them they can do it.
Just two of us http://t.co/heZs6ZnVsI
My best poem was like "you're a loser and I told my friends you came in 45 seconds"
My best poem was like "you're a loser and I told my friends you came in 45 seconds"
Can't wait for the 4th of July so I can watch something explode that isn't you.
MY KIND OF GIRL

https://t.co/FsuSK1ww1N
How many parts of your body hurt when you wake up? Now, count me.
I love you but I hate everything about you.
Just because you're happy with someone else doesn't mean I don't imagine all the ways they couldn't accidentally die.
You begin to remove your jeans. Quickly. Quickly. You can't get them off fast enough. Rip your panties off. Too slow. You miss the toilet.
One day you're gonna wake up 40.
You look cute in a T-shirt.
I like seeing your reflection in things.
I only make wishes on the glow in the dark stars decorating your ceiling.
All your words are slow and sweet, and I'm waiting for you like a jar of honey.
You have so many sides. I'm never sure which one I loved first.
Hmu if you want one http://t.co/Z79z5BVZuK
Heck yeah http://t.co/kRgPKH9ISZ
I wanna soundproof the garage and keep you as a piñata. http://t.co/uBQ4w54su7
Haha. Ya. Feed this already massive ego.
Remember when I wrote an erotica about you http://t.co/8dN73GU3Iy
They all came in here. One is laying on the floor next to me http://t.co/WtRCIauDkj
Do you guys like jolly ranchers. Fav if yes
Do you guys like jolly ranchers. Fav if yes
A road trip and the only places you stop to sleep are in towns mentioned in songs she liked.
Every time I go to make a Facebook status I stop myself and say "just let them keep thinking you're dead"
Very cool http://t.co/hnmurJCxXB
You can't spell frequently unsure of yourself without 'fun'
Knock knock 
Who's there?
Your ex
Your ex who?
Your ex who wants to fuck and disregard your feelings for them
I think about you falling off your bed all the time.
I meant it when I said I wanna take afternoon naps with you and I wanna toss your phone out of reach and you can tell your mom she can wait
bubblecum
This twitter is 100% non-fiction. http://t.co/UYdnh2fGJN
I'm happy for every cute lovely couple that meets on twitter and then IRL and bangs a lot and does cute stuff and tweets about it.
World Cup? More like The World Sucks.
Should always judge love on how many hotel rooms you've been in together
Thinking about the last time I saw Fiona Apple in Philly & how I sang songs into my ex's ear bc she fucked some dude before she showed up
http://t.co/mf5k7kl51P
I don't socialize on twitter bc I'm afraid I'll fall in love with a stranger.
We have a lot to apologize to each other for but it won't fix anything.
Two straight men and a gay guy walk into a bathroom. They all pee next to each other. They wash their hands, walk out, and continue living.
Just wanna stop sweating and start swearing; swear to god I love you, swear your name, swear at everything you touched.
I wrote a book. http://t.co/t4Dkij9y0c
I wrote a book. http://t.co/t4Dkij9y0c
I haven't heard your voice all day and I know I was unpleasant last night.
Guys who cry Daddy Issue to girls with a brain: not all girls that care about, uh idk, themselves, have some deep rooted issue you joke abt
If your twitter is dedicated to SHOCK! and OFFENSE! and DESENSITIZATION! I just assume you've never been laid and listen to bad music.
I like when guys are gross and they say "I'm only a man" or "you don't get it bc you're a girl" nah you're a little boy and I'm perverted af
God, men are idiots.
My heart is made of broken clocks.
You're not in love, you're insane.
This is your brain. 
*holds up egg*
And this is your brain on drugs. 
*drops egg*
I didn't mean to do that.
911 how can I help u
I'm in love with a girl 3000 miles away
I'll send someone right now
A man walks into a bar. He suffers a concussion and needs several stitches.
You compare things to a whisper as if screaming isn't the most subtle thing I do.
I met God and her eyes said no.
I met God and she used tongue.
I miss you and I'm not going to bed.
9 shots of jack and I'm ready to fall in love with you
People started carving names into trees because they knew our bodies wouldn't last as long.
I know I'm obnoxious online. Thank you for following me. I lurk all of you even if we aren't mutuals. http://t.co/c732OSXwtR
Why fall in love when you can just fall off the face of the earth?
I would kiss you in front of my mother.
I would kiss you in front of my mother.
This is Tiffany and Whiskey. Every girl deserves a good dog. http://t.co/usKUcbdkDI
Ya I got a cute laugh and I'm a violent drunk
Sometimes call you drunk just to upset you.
I'll find you in side effect labels and dark ales. I'll find you in every girl with clean feet and wanderlust.
You'll never hear songs that remind you of me unless you look for them. You'll remember what a snob I am. The skyline will spell my name.
I'll be somewhere new. Portland. You'll be figuring out the New York subway. We will never speak again, but everything will be a reminder.
You'll wake up one day. Everything will feel different. You'll question how this was possible, our conversations; what were we thinking?
I came to twitter for the sad girls with nice butts and the other girls that won't let me talk about their butts but have powerful opinions
You're all cute and lovely in my eyes.
fav if you're a fan girl rt if you're a fan girl who will get filthy for me
I had a dream recently that I had a joanna newsom record made of stained glass.
Perfect http://t.co/pqdZbS4gxV
Falling in love is easy when you don't know anything about each other.
All I do in Cali is swim tan and drink http://t.co/qZ1a88AVSB
Stop asking me if I'm male or female. Please. http://t.co/9yZyibfyvv
Anyway, tell me what emojis Mean To You.
I know this has confused many people for the longest time but it's onigiri 🍙 http://t.co/eUMf0O43Z2
This is the "I've been rejected but am still cute" emoji: 😕
This is the "I said something mean but will use this to avoid you being offended" emoji: 😏
This is the "I said something mean but will use this to avoid you being offended" emoji: 😏
This is the "you're making me painfully aroused" emoji: 😅
Please don't kill yourself.
Maybe the next time I go to therapy I should discuss my gender identity issues
what's your favorite album — Ys - Joanna Newsom
Have One On Me - Joanna Newsom
Educated Guess - Ani DiFranco
Cri... http://t.co/yBSQi9pzPO
You'd hope I would wake up in love and I kept waking up alone.
Stop apologizing to me and start kissing me
I got Engle this mug bc I'm always screaming "YOURE NOT MY DAD" at him http://t.co/NwRp5thhI4
I love you more than you think I hate you.
Life is beautiful, and that girl is better than being alive.
LET HAPPINESS SNEAK IN?
Your suicidal nature is mediocre.
Leave the dead dead and kill someone else
Sometimes I wake up touching the wall and it's a lot like talking to you.
I got shitfaced and stayed in the pool for three hours while dudes brought me and a girl a lot of margaritas and cigarettes. Nice.
Heck yes!! http://t.co/nSoS2FSRec
Girl like a cold beer on a hot day
I went to get in the pool and http://t.co/XHDjQW8FAL
By the time you read my letter you will have missed your last chance to kiss me.
Sometimes I want to encase you in cement and let your body rot inside until everyone stops calling you missing and starts calling you art.
Sometimes I want to encase you in cement and let your body rot inside until everyone stops calling you missing and starts calling you art.
What's wrong, cute girl got your tongue?
You haven't been touched in months but you write like you have, and that's how I know I did a good job.
I tell time by your sleeping schedule.
IDC HOW HOT YOU ARE. I DO NOT STAND FOR SLURS OF ANY KIND.
I always say this but it's true. I don't like rap but I love @motaraps 

https://t.co/fNG9mIbuxD
My day so far. Solo cup Margaritas and the garden. http://t.co/Xf4KxAL7HP
Runaway bride https://t.co/ENkGtLxfmv
I forget to breathe all the time and that's how I know my brain is working
A violent overthrow where your clothes, shoes, and body end up out the window.
Inconsistency is what makes me cute.
Would any of you wanna move out here and be my girlfriend who never wants to have sex but would like a lot of attention on your feet 24/7
Comparing your hands to the flickering of an old film rolling.
Untying a woman's shoes is more attractive to me than undoing her bra
I just had to untie a woman's double knotted shoes and she has NO IDEA how much I enjoyed it.
The cool thing about my heroin binge before I came here is that it screwed up my cycle and I got my period for 36 HOURS.
The cool thing about my heroin binge before I came here is that it screwed up my cycle and I got my period for 36 HOURS.
A really good poem I witnessed years ago: http://t.co/niF71QHknJ
Send photos of you being fearlessly sexy
There's a joke in Japan that the peace sign pose is directed towards Americans saying "we owe you two"
I love my country. Hate my government.
Imagine everyone with the same flag waving in the front lawn. Imagine everyone actually has a front lawn.
Just wanna throw toilet paper around the tree you love instead of showing up unannounced
If she's cute, she's dangerous.
video killed the radio star and twitter killed poetry
Wanna get my heavy hands all over that heavy heart
How do Hawaiians laugh?
Alohahahahaha
If you ever want someone's life insurance, get them a motorcycle and an alcohol problem.
flying_ghosts http://t.co/A38GhevpJF
911 can I help you
No
When you try diving into my DMs 
https://t.co/UaqMPFyZ1a
You act like your doormat didn't have a name.
Just wanna scuba dive with you even tho I can't swim
Use their body like it's worthless but touch them like they'll break.
You're a phone number and six states away.
That's not love, that's a disadvantage.
That's not love, that's a disadvantage.
You wrote their name in notebooks and now it's all over your arms.
She doesn't love you, no, she just wants to destroy something new.
I met God and she doesn't watch TV.
Idk what we are doing but we feel dirty doing it https://t.co/bKgjHIUFzC
I'm starting to see I don't need you or want you and that's a great visual
How many bad things can I compare you to today
Meet me in the middle of nowhere
Say hi to Daisy http://t.co/FItACQWIYj
Some much needed comfort food with the quietest people in the house http://t.co/P43tKGYy65
911 help I'm on fire and lonely
You're ugly and your tweets suck.
HELPLESS & AROUSED
Wish I was a dude so I could piss inside a girl's asshole
"Stop asking people's clothing to have sex with you and start asking people."
Love is knowing you both raced home to welcome the other back. Love is taking your shoes off after you sit down.
You don't know how horrible someone is until you isolate yourself from them.
Let me tell you about the first time you made breakfast. It was a Wednesday. It was delicious. Your guilt was hidden in the melting butter.
I miss you. I mean, I miss things about you. I don't miss your temper, or how you drive like you want to kill yourself.
The only thing you're good at is explaining why drowning is safer than falling in love.
The only thing you're good at is explaining why drowning is safer than falling in love.
You can hold the ocean to your ear in a shell but you'd rather talk to me through a can.
WE FOUND A PUPPY IN THE MOUNTAINS!!!! http://t.co/25g1u4GCYx
Her body speaks Spanish
Girls like you are why people like me stop being selflessly kind.
She smokes and spits and I guess that's all I really need.
singing_ghosts http://t.co/KQJ53AhROA
She got my cigarette wet but I don't know if it was pool water or her lips.
I am trying as hard as I can but nothing is working
I'm trying to get the brides maid to fuck the best man so I cleaned his room but I think there might be a problem http://t.co/notfjPMy4S
Moved all that stuff with a 60 year old woman. She said "see? We don't need men." My hero. http://t.co/T3p38Jijmg
This girl looks like a guitar solo.
California dreamin or whatever http://t.co/7CMvH88MIS
Just want to get on a raft and pray the wind knows where to take me
I look forward to things like seeing you and getting a phone call at hours you should be sleeping. I look forward to the past, I guess.
I'm not scared to lose you, I'm scared I never had you.
You're digging through your purse like you're gonna find me the second time.
Girls that drive instead of cry
Fall in love with a kind girl. Sleep with her sister.
Selfie http://t.co/1y5ucyVNjx
Selfie http://t.co/1y5ucyVNjx
Not All Daddies
People who know very little shouldn't speak so much.
There's women that kill kittens with high heels as a form of porn & you want me to stop sexualizing pedophilia bc I like being called daddy?
Teens and their first sociology class
Partying with my friends: http://t.co/gGmSJmodSc
"boys r dumb" - twitter
#EndFathersDay bc I'm the only one you should be calling daddy
Most girls rely on their brain so much they forget where the blood pumps
The moon came out to say fuck you http://t.co/r6Ay4CYCTd
I met God and she told me the Devil likes being strangled
I met God and she kissed me.
I met the Devil and her heels were made of bone
I met God and she never wants to see me again
I met God and she apologized
I met God and she taught me how to kiss
I met God and she spoke in languages only cannibals understand
I met God and she's drunk
I met God and she's lonely as heck
1000 Ways To Hold A Girl, Part VII: Underwater And Remorseless
1000 Ways To Hold A Girl, Part VII: Underwater And Remorseless
1000 Ways To Hold A Girl, Part III: Close Like You're Starving And Freezing And Helpless When She's Gone
American White Girl Photography: http://t.co/DvzgSUX7ad
Don't be nice to bad people.
I hope I can make you forget everything just by whispering it.
I'm not in love with you. I'm in love with all the stupid stuff you collect.
Asked my friend for gluten free beer and he stormed out
Not sure if it's you or the world
Twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder where she slept last night
Hot Jewish Girls
What do you want to be when you grow up?
A blade of grass.
plane selfie http://t.co/6c8NoJCvxf
Good evening. http://t.co/uy9HWk8s3P
I've met a dozen girls like you but they didn't recognize me
I hope this plane comes with glowsticks! http://t.co/oI2an3vWey
I have to mail my copy of Lolita to one of my followers which terrifies me going through it now lol http://t.co/4CXIRp6z9k
I love you. I'm sorry.
I kept saying I wish I had a Kathy Bates "Misery" fan girl and now I regret it completely
For the hundredth time, block per_soni_fy. I'm almost positive she's schizophrenic or delusional. I do not know her.
sext: http://t.co/qFz09B1AfF
sext: http://t.co/qFz09B1AfF
I want you to hear every song the way I do.
AND EVEN IF HER (MY) PLANE CRASHES TONIGHT (THIS MORNING) SHE'LL (I'LL) FIND SOMEWAY TO DISAPPOINT ME (YOU)
I found the Garden of Eden in a girl.
I'm about to buy 1500 ladybugs. http://t.co/e1KCN7m21n
reflection girl http://t.co/wpXEhIlrY7
Sorry I have a drug problem I'm sorry my mom kept me from my dad and I'm sorry that I hit a girl once out of anger and I'm sorry it's true
Sometimes I think "what went wrong with my generation" and it's bc we all ignored reality and now it's almost impossible to live in it
Important things to me http://t.co/geRPF0Uuma
Should be packing but http://t.co/Ng3yO08AGN
Let me tell you about the first time we fell asleep on the phone
Everything dies around you because you are toxic.
I'm not trying to dig my grave, I'm trying to dig you up.
dumb things I do http://t.co/68Qna6EgYy
Nothing worse than someone who's proud of how crazy they can be.
Live your life buying only one way tickets.
What if someone was like soulja boy tell em and he didn't know what to say
Listen to me roar https://t.co/JibQhDw883
We fight like birds now, birds with bombs heavier than hearts.
Things are very weird and bad and idk how to feel right now and being unsure of how to feel or how you do feel is scary and dangerous
Things are very weird and bad and idk how to feel right now and being unsure of how to feel or how you do feel is scary and dangerous
99 bottles of wine on the wall. 99 bottles of wine. Crack one out. Chug it all down. 98 bottles of wine on the wall. 98 bottles of wine on t
The moon is made of honey and we are drunk and armed.
bedroom crucifixion: my floor, your heels
Knock knock
Avocado
What
Avocado
Wait you can't come in here
Avocado avocado 
*6 hooded men rush in whispering avocado repeatedly*
Knock knock 
Who's there
Orange
Orange who
Orange you glad I didn't say avocado
Say Avocad-No To Drugs
avocadolololol
If only you could text me back as fast as you're running out of your burning house.
You can't blow out your birthday candles. I'm smiling in the doorway. The cake explodes, so do your hands.
I can't find you beneath the clover or blankets
It's 1957. It's a bomb drill. Everyone gets under their desks. It's 2014. The phone rings. It's what we were waiting for.
concrete forest; breathe like a fire
I love you the way a child loves morning cartoons
Suspicious Minds by Elvis comes on shuffle. You're in the car with the ex who cheated on you. You begin to both sing along. Loudly.
Due to popular demand I have taken the time to listen to drake and Kanye's full discography and I am so sorry I ever made fun of them
Not sure how healthy it is that I think murdering someone for you constitutes as foreplay
Reoccurring daydream where you're grinding in my lap telling me I'll kill for you
I would love to take you shopping, have to look at everything you try on, and never get to see you take it off.
I would love to take you shopping, have to look at everything you try on, and never get to see you take it off.
Me IRL http://t.co/7bXgfmvzhh
Did it hurt
What
When you fell from heaven
Actually I jumped
Happy to say I may have done some fucked up shit in my life but I've never swallowed a condom for any reason
She thinks the cruelty is good for me.
She is so hot and I can't take it. http://t.co/8IKBsudEA4
Me IRL http://t.co/ucUJdLstAR
I only date girls with a cute sister, just incase.
sext: I'll always text you first
You don't even care if you hurt me. That's my favorite thing about you.
I think about your hands brushing my shoulder and me going completely insane wondering if it was intentionally or not
911 ca-
Wat r u wearing
Wat was that
I said wat r u wearing
Do u have an emergency
Yes
What is yr location
yr bed, the sheets smell like him
I bet you dangle your cute legs over everything you can sit on
How To Train Your Jail Roach
Wanna eat glass candy and see if it'll hurt me more than you
1000 Ways To Worship You (a collection of short truths and late night phone calls)
irregular and shallow breathing
DID YOU MURDER THE FIREPLACE TO HAVE EYES LIKE THAT?
I wanna kiss you over a fire. I want our clothes to burn off.
All tweets are now dedicated to witches I wish to kiss. This is now a kissing account. We should kiss things more often. Strangers and walls
All tweets are now dedicated to witches I wish to kiss. This is now a kissing account. We should kiss things more often. Strangers and walls
I want to kiss you in front of everyone you've ever met. from the person who said "you dropped something" to the woman who gave birth to you
This is your brain
*looks for an egg*
This is your brain on drugs
*cracks apple in frying pan*
This is your brain
*pulls egg out of pocket*
This is your brain on drugs
*stares at egg for hours*
Are you awake? Do you have dirty photos you want to share with the internet? Share them here. Let us be your viewers.
I have to unfollow most of you for these TFIOS tweets
I'm looking at my hands like "I'm sorry I'm sorry" but I haven't gotten them dirty yet
I want to do everything your dog does. Sleep with you, lick you, eat off the floor, whimper, bark at strangers, play dead, protect you
I'm looking for you everywhere I sleep.
I never want to meet your maker. I never want to know what happened to make you this way
Think about how many love letters went unread before the internet.
The silence you're looking for only exists in death.
The Fault In Our hands and other believable things
I loved you in this memory.
"You missed a spot" but with kissing
sometimes I wonder why your mother didn't drown you dot com
A Tale of Two Cuties
If she can paint you, she can't love you.
Massages feel better when you're getting them from someone who should be touching someone else.
